Lab tasks:
    Lab-01
    Date:7/01/2025 (Arrays)
    1.Reverse array.
    2.Reverse only half of the array and by input of left side or right side of array.
    3.Sort array on the basis of even and odd index position elements.
    4.Remove duplicate elements from array.
    
    Lab-02
    Date:21/01/25 (Strings)
    1.User Enter the String(sentence) and Capitalize the First character in a words of String
    2.SubString Present or not and Show the index of Starting
    3.Read .txt file and convert it into tokens
    (Dont use Built in functions)
    
    Lab-03
    Date:28/01/25 (Class and objects)
    Question
    • Suppose you are developing a program for a small grocery store. Your program will have a GroceryStore class 					that represents the store and a Product class that represents a product sold in the store.
    • The Product class should have the following instance variables:
        ◦ name (a string)
        ◦ price (a double)
        ◦ quantity (an integer)
    • The GroceryStore class should have the following static variables:
        ◦ numProducts (an integer)
        ◦ totalRevenue (a double)
    • The GroceryStore class should also have the following methods:
        ◦ addProduct(Product p): adds a Product object to the store's inventory.
        ◦ sellProduct(Product p, int quantity): removes a specified quantity of a product from the store's inventory and adds the revenue from the sale to the store's total revenue.
        ◦ displayStats(): displays the number of products in the store's inventory and the store's total revenue.
    • Write a Java program that creates a GroceryStore object and adds several Product objects to the store's inventory. The program should use method/constructor overloading to create different Product objects with different sets of instance variables. The program should also use static variables/methods/blocks to keep track of the number of products in the store's inventory and the store's total revenue.


    Lab-04
    Date:4/2/2025 (Inheritance)
                vehicle
                   |
            -------------------
            |                 |
        2Wheeler           4wheeler
            |                 |
      ------------        -----------
      |          |        |         |
     Bike      Cycle    truck      Car
    (Create Your own Methods and instance variables and access them)
    
    Lab-05
    Date:11/2/25 (OOPS concepts) 
    Create a your own "Universitiy" Strucutre having
    ->Interfaces -extend : min 2
    ->Abstract classes : min 3
    ->polymorphism
    ->Multiple Inheritance


    Lab-06
    Date:18/2/25 (File Handling)
    1.Write a program to read the file and display all the attributes of file.
        (attributes means Details of a File)
    2.Write a program to accepts the directory name and display it's 
      Contents into an Array.
    3.Read a File and display longest word and it's Size.
    4.Write a program that accepts FIle along a Comand line Arugument
      Display no.of Characters, words and Lines in a file.
    5.Write a Code Print your own Code.


    Lab-07
    Date:25/2/25 (Exception Handling)
    1.Banking Application
        -> Two Customize Exception
            a.While Deposit Balance must be less than 50000/-
            b.Negaitive Withdraw Amount.
        ->Take deposit and Withdraw by user.
    2.Read a Number from a File
        ->Take a Number From User (a)
        ->Divide FileNumber By a.
        ->Exceptions
            a.Division With Zero (ArithmeticException)
            b.Number Not Found in a File (IOException)
        ->File Contains String and Numbers. If File have Multiple numbers then take 
            first number as a FileNumber.

    Lab-08
    Date:18/3/25 (Multi Threading)
    1.Java Inter-Thread Communication Question 
        Problem Statement: 
        You are tasked with developing a Java program that demonstrates inter-thread communication using 
        the wait(), notify(), and notifyAll() methods. 
        The program should simulate a Producer-Consumer scenario where: 
        • The Producer thread generates numbers (from 1 to 10) and adds them to a shared list. 
        The Consumer thread removes and prints the numbers from the shared list. 
        • The shared list has a capacity of 5 elements. The producer must wait if the list is full. 
        • The consumer must wait if the list is empty. 
        • Use synchronized methods and wait/notify for coordination.
    2.The program should simulate a server monitoring system where: 
        • A daemon thread (ServerMonitor) continuously checks the server status every 500ms and prints "Monitoring server... 
        • A worker thread (WorkerTask) performs a critical operation (e.g., processing tasks) and runs for 5 seconds before stopping. 
        • The daemon thread should automatically stop when the worker thread finishes execution. 
        • Ensure proper synchronization where the main thread waits for the worker to complete execution before terminating. 
 

    Lab-09
    Date:25/3/25 (Event Handling)
    1.Registration Field Which having all Components
    2.Caluculator


    